I'm from Hyderabad, Hyderabad, sorry, actually I'm working. So actually I'm working in the private sector as a area sales manager sales. Hello. Hello. Sometimes I'm not reading a voice. Or are you silent? Can you hear me? Hello. I am working in sales as a sales manager. What about you? OK so actually recently I joined in this hello talk. One of my friends suggested to like or skills you can exchange like language, so I joined recently. I am here to you are saying something. No, actually I am here to improve my English communication. Actually I'm little bit nervous to speak like in front of like four to five people, four to five people. So I'm little bit nervous to speak in front of them. No, in front of like four to five people. So in front of speaking in English, just I'm little bit nervous. So actually I would like to improve my like speaking skills. Got it. But OK, got it. But I don't think your English is bad. Your English is good. It is understable. So means you don't need to put so many efforts to English. But if you like, if you really want to like what I can say, get rid the nervousness, the fear, then you should talk with people. I mean not talk with people means if you like perform live then it will be better, more better. So you just in front of camera, you just stand in front of camera and not camera you just stand in front of mirror and then start saying something how to interact with people. Like what's you want to say that just stay speak. I think this will improve your communication skill means in stand in front of camera and start saying something that will improve your communication skill. Because that time you can like what I can say, you can look at your eye and tell something and like there is other reason we hide it. When you stand in front of camera and that type the reflection from the camera, from the mirror, it will directly goes into your brain like it is a electrical signal. So yeah, OK that you feel more confident. Yeah, thanks for your suggestion. Actually from last couple of months, I'm trying like speaking with people and trying to speak with in front of mirror trying to as is trying to speak in English. So when my workplace actually so many people are speaking only in a basically Hyderabad, they speak in only Hindi. So most of the people speaking in Hindi. So when speaking English. So I am also like little bit shy in front of speaking others. So I'm also actually this is the lack of this speaking Englishness I'm.